1A) The types of integrity are : Proffesional Integrity, Political integrity,Academic integrity,Integrity with daily transactions.
2A) There are 3 levels . Level one is Pre Conventional Morality.This level includes obedience and punishment and Individualism and Exchange
Obedience and Punishment is the first stage of moral development usually found in small children. A small number of adults never grow out of this stage.
A child in this stage assumes that it should obey all the rules made by the authority, without question.
Individualism and Exchange : At this stage, children become self absorbed and egotistical. Though they acknowledge individual points 
of view, actions are judged on the basis of how they serve individual needs.
Level 2 is Individualism and Exchange. This level includes stages like Good Boy – Good Girl Orientation,Law and Social Order.
Good Boy – Good Girl Orientation stage occurs when children enter their teens where they see the approval of peers as very important.
Importance will be for nice behaviour and conformity. At Law and Social Order stage,people become concerned with society as a whole. Emphasize will be on maintaining the social order. Following the law, discharging one’s duties,
respecting authority, etc. are considered important as they help maintaining the social order. Level 3 is Post Conventional Morality and includes
stages like Social Contract and Universal Ethical Principles. people at People at Social Contract stage are aware of the importance of maintaining the social order but not at the expense of individual rights.
They know that rigid laws must be changed for the welfare of the people.Universal Ethical Principles is the highest level of moral reasoning according to Kohlberg. Here moral reasoning is based on conscience, abstract reasoning and an evolved sense of justice that go beyond rules and laws.
3A) Various categories of consequentialist theories are Ethical Egoism,Ethical Altruism,Utilitarianism.
Ethical Egoism takes the view that an action is morally right if its consequence is good for the agent performing the action.
Ethical Altruism takes the view that an action is morally right if its consequence is good for individuals other than the agent who performs the action.
Utilitarianism holds the view that right actions are those that maximize total utility, that is, the greatest good for greatest number. Instead of self promotion or self sacrifice, this approach makes a cost benefit analysis of consequences affected by all parties concerned and choosing an action that results in maximum happiness of all.
4A)Moral autonomy is the capacity to think rationally and decide what is right instead of simply following a set of rules. It is about making decisions based on moral concern by reasoning rather than blindly following others. Moral autonomy is about the following,
1.Moral concern
2.Going through different perspectives of an ethical issue
3.Application of reasoning
4.Making decisions without the influence of others
5.Acting boldly on the decision taken
5A) 5 moral Issues Related to Engineering are  Proffesional Integrity, Political integrity,Academic integrity,Integrity with daily transactions.